Bytecode Verification (#47)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: README.md

fs_permissions = [{ access = "read", path = "./addresses/addresses.json"}]
```

#### Step 4: Create a Proposal

Choose a model that fits your needs:

-   [Multisig Proposal](docs/guides/multisig-proposal.md)
-   [Timelock Proposal](docs/guides/timelock-proposal.md)
-   [Governor Bravo Proposal](docs/guides/governor-bravo-proposal.md)

#### Step 5: Implement Scripts and Tests

Create scripts and/or tests. Check [Guides](docs/guides/multisig-proposal.md) and [Integration Tests](docs/testing/integration-tests.md).

### Type Checking

> Type checking allows for checking of the deployed bytecode on any deployed contracts with the bytecode from the local artifacts. This enables developer `A` to deploy some contracts, and then developer `B` can verify `A`'s deployments by just running the type checking script. This can also be used by developer `A` to verify the deployments. `A` can take following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Type checking allows verification of deployed bytecode on any contracts with the bytecode present in local artifacts. With this feature, developer `A` can easily deploy some contracts, and developer `B` can verify `A`'s deployments by simply running the type checking script. Additionaly, `A` can also use this feature to verify their own deployments. `A` can take the following steps:
```

> - Follow steps 1 to 3 in usage for proposal simulation section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the steps on [Proposal Simulation](#proposal-simulation) section
```

> - Add the deployed contracts to `Addresses.json`. Create a `TypeCheckAddresses.json` file following the instructions provided in [type-check.md](docs/guides/type-check.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the deployed contracts to `Addresses.json`. 
- Create a `TypeCheckAddresses.json` file following the instructions provided in [type-check.md](docs/guides/type-check.md).
```

> - Change directory into `lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript` and install npm packages in typescript directory using npm install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enter `lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript` directory and install npm packages.
```

``` bash
cd lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript && npm i
```

> - Run the following command at forge-proposal-simulator root to typecheck all contracts added in `TypeCheckAddresses.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the following command at forge-proposal-simulator root to type check all contracts added in `TypeCheckAddresses.json`.
```

-   Follow the steps 1 to 3 on [Proposal Simulation](#proposal-simulation) section
-   Add the deployed contracts to `Addresses.json`.
-   Create a `TypeCheckAddresses.json` file following the instructions provided in [type-check.md](docs/guides/type-check.md).
-   Enter `lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript` directory and install npm packages.

```bash
cd lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript && npm i
```

-   Change directory again to the root repo

```bash
cd ../../../
```

-   Add below environment variables to `.env`.

```
ADDRESSES_PATH                # Path to addresses.json file
TYPE_CHECK_ADDRESSES_PATH     # Path to typeCheckAddresses.json file
ARTIFACT_PATH                 # Path of artifact folder
```

Example:

```
TYPE_CHECK_ADDRESSES_PATH=addresses/TypeCheckAddresses.json
ADDRESSES_PATH=addresses/Addresses.json
ARTIFACT_PATH=out/
```

-   Make sure to allow read access to `Addresses.json`, `TypeCheckAddresses.json` and `artifact` folder inside of `foundry.toml`.

```toml
[profile.default]

fs_permissions = [{ access = "read", path = "./"}]
```

> -   Run the following command on root repo to type check all contracts added in `TypeCheckAddresses.json`.

Author: These are the steps to run from root so that's why root is correct here. I have added another section to run example contracts within FPS here [ddea628](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator/pull/47/commits/ddea628b95ec7a37d1e45eb3c7de610107228e88)

```bash

> forge script lib/forge-proposal-simulator/script/TypeCheck.s.sol:TypeCheck --ffi --fork-url <deployed_contracts_chain_rpc_url>

Author: done here [ddea628](https://github.com/solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator/pull/47/commits/ddea628b95ec7a37d1e45eb3c7de610107228e88)

Create scripts and/or tests. Check [Guides](docs/guides/multisig-proposal.md) and [Integration Tests](docs/testing/integration-tests.md).

## Type Checking

Type checking in fps is checking deployed bytecode of any deployed contracts with the bytecode from the local artifacts. This is to make sure if dev A deploys some contracts, dev B can verify A's deployments by just running the type checking script. Can also be used by A to verify the deployments. A can take following steps:

- Adds the deployed contracts to `Addresses.json`. In `TypeCheckAddresses.json` add the constructor args in nested array format where double quotes are escaped.

> - Install npm packages in typescript directory.

Author: added command

- Run the following command to typecheck all contracts added in `TypeCheckAddresses.json`

```bash

> forge test --mc TypeCheck --ffi --fork-url <rpc_url> -vv

Author: done

Create scripts and/or tests. Check [Guides](docs/guides/multisig-proposal.md) and [Integration Tests](docs/testing/integration-tests.md).

## Usage for Type Checking

Type checking allows for checking of the deployed bytecode on any deployed contracts with the bytecode from the local artifacts. This enables developer `A` to deploy some contracts, and then developer `B` can verify `A`'s deployments by just running the type checking script. This can also be used by developer `A` to verify the deployments. `A` can take following steps:

- Follow steps 1 to 3 in usage for proposal simulation section.
- Add the deployed contracts to `Addresses.json`. In `TypeCheckAddresses.json` add the constructor args in nested array format where double quotes are escaped.
- Change directory into `lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript` and install npm packages in typescript directory using npm install.
``` bash

> cd lib/forge-proposal-simulator/typescript && npm i

Author: I tried to install node_modules using ffi but it did not work. I think the ffi cheatcode only returns the stdout result and does not change the state of the repository.
